It's very simple.
Because I'm big.
The truth of borrowing souls is unimaginable.
This makes telling the truth divine.
Oh, our family soon knew that sooner or later you'd have an unbearable day.
Why did Prince White say that?
Master Qin, you don't have to hide anymore.
Our house, soon to see you pregnant, frantically eating blood vessels.
He is a descendant of Emperor Wu.
He sees me as my descendant.
That's interesting.
They can be fake.
Where is this sword?
It could be magic.
But this swordsman couldn't learn.
From your words and behavior reveals an innate motivation.
This is the strongest evidence.
What style is that?
Dragon Thien Tu.
The emperor's time
The White Prince indeed protects the wise eye.
The story comes now
So am I hiding something?
Oh, that's good.
Everyone is his own man.
We should have been honest with each other.
The flower I dreamed of.
Why are you here?